Name : Kenyon Littel
First Name : Ezra
Last Name : Ankunding
Street Address : 8584 Kuhn Dale
Phone : 1-785-268-1836
SSN : 636-27-4792
Credit Card : 6007-2210-3489-5625
IBAN : PT49575915598179014669227
Email : timmothy.champlin@yahoo.com
It’s just, eventually we’re all gonna move on. It’s called growing up.That’s the Dream
After all this time? Always.
SEVEN! SEVEN! SEVEN!
There are a lot of little reasons why the big things in our lives happen.Suit Up
Knowledge could be more valuable than gold, more deadly than a dagger.
Never trust anything that can think for itself if you can't see where it keeps its brain.
Because sometimes even if you know how something’s gonna end that doesn’t mean you can’t enjoy the ride.Suit Up
Of course it is happening inside your head, Harry, but why on earth should that mean that it is not real?
Power is a curious thing. Who lives, Who dies. Power resides where men believe it resides. It is a trick, A shadow on the wall.
The littlest thing can cause a ripple effect that changes your life.Lawyered
Forty-two to twenty-one! Like the turkey, Ross is done!
Of course it is happening inside your head, Harry, but why on earth should that mean that it is not real?
Revenge fantasies never work out the way you want.What Up
Of course it is happening inside your head, Harry, but why on earth should that mean that it is not real?
Fine judge all you want but... married a lesbian, left a man at the altar, fell in love with a gay ice dancer, threw a girl’s wooden leg in the fire, LIVE IN A BOX.
You can’t just skip ahead to where you think your life should be.True Story
Winter is coming.
It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but just as much to stand up to our friends.
I keep waiting for it to happen. I’m waiting for it to happen. I guess I’m just tired of waiting. And that is all I’m going to say on that subject.Where’s the poop?
Of course it is happening inside your head, Harry, but why on Earth should that mean that it is not real?
There are no heroes...in life, the monsters win.
There are two big days in any love story: the day you meet the girl of your dreams and the day you marry her.That’s the Dream
Raspberries? Good. Ladyfingers? Good. Beef? GOOD!
Happiness can be found even in the darkest of times if only one remembers to turn on the light.
The littlest thing can cause a ripple effect that changes your life.Where’s the poop?
You're a wizard, Harry.
Could I BE wearing any more clothes?
I keep waiting for it to happen. I’m waiting for it to happen. I guess I’m just tired of waiting. And that is all I’m going to say on that subject.Legendary
Every flight begins with a fall.
It’s wingardium leviOsa, not leviosAH.
The littlest thing can cause a ripple effect that changes your life.Legendary
It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but just as much to stand up to our friends.
All dwarfs are bastards in their father's eyes
You can’t just skip ahead to where you think your life should be.Patent Pending
