Name : Marta Bednar
First Name : Tremaine
Last Name : Kris
Street Address : 5776 Jess Ports
Phone : (236) 473-2612
SSN : 568-51-0215
Credit Card : 6007-2299-3419-7539
IBAN : PL91364975784967484616642587
Email : cassidy.witting@hotmail.com
That’s life, you know, we never end up where you thought you wanted to be.Just… O.K?
You sort of start thinking anything’s possible if you’ve got enough nerve.
Forty-two to twenty-one! Like the turkey, Ross is done!
There are a lot of little reasons why the big things in our lives happen.But… umm
Give me honorable enemies rather than ambitious ones, and I'll sleep more easily by night.
Of course it is happening inside your head, Harry, but why on Earth should that mean that it is not real?
I keep waiting for it to happen. I’m waiting for it to happen. I guess I’m just tired of waiting. And that is all I’m going to say on that subject.Challenege Accepted
Of course it is happening inside your head, Harry, but why on earth should that mean that it is not real?
When the snows fall and the white winds blow, the lone wolf dies but the pack survives.
There are two big days in any love story: the day you meet the girl of your dreams and the day you marry her.Patent Pending
You’ve been BAMBOOZLED!
Happiness can be found even in the darkest of times if only one remembers to turn on the light.
The future is scary but you can’t just run back to the past because it’s familiar.But… umm
I solemnly swear I am up to no good.
I'm Monica. I’m disgusting. I stalk guys and keep their underpants.
I keep waiting for it to happen. I’m waiting for it to happen. I guess I’m just tired of waiting. And that is all I’m going to say on that subject.Challenege Accepted
There are no heroes...in life, the monsters win.
After all this time? Always.
Definitions are important.Challenege Accepted
It’s wingardium leviOsa, not leviosAH.
When you play a game of thrones you win or you die.
You can’t just skip ahead to where you think your life should be.True Story
Raspberries? Good. Ladyfingers? Good. Beef? GOOD!
Dark and difficult times lie ahead. Soon we must all face the choice between what is right and what is easy.
There are a lot of little reasons why the big things in our lives happen.What Up
Never trust anything that can think for itself if you can't see where it keeps its brain.
I’m not so good with the advice. Can I interest you in a sarcastic comment?
Because sometimes even if you know how something’s gonna end that doesn’t mean you can’t enjoy the ride.Classic Shmosby
When you play a game of thrones you win or you die.
Words are in my not-so-humble opinion, the most inexhaustible form of magic we have, capable both of inflicting injury and remedying it.
You can’t just skip ahead to where you think your life should be.Lawyered
Things we lose have a way of coming back to us in the end, if not always in the way we expect.
Do the dead frighten you?
I keep waiting for it to happen. I’m waiting for it to happen. I guess I’m just tired of waiting. And that is all I’m going to say on that subject.But… umm
Welcome to the real world. It sucks. You’re gonna love it!
Words are in my not-so-humble opinion, the most inexhaustible form of magic we have, capable both of inflicting injury and remedying it.
I keep waiting for it to happen. I’m waiting for it to happen. I guess I’m just tired of waiting. And that is all I’m going to say on that subject.Just… O.K?
Of course it is happening inside your head, Harry, but why on Earth should that mean that it is not real?
If the homo sapiens were, in fact, HOMO sapiens…is that why they’re extinct?
Revenge fantasies never work out the way you want.That’s the Dream
Once you’ve accepted your flaws, no one can use them against you.
To the well-organized mind, death is but the next great adventure.
We’re going to get older whether we like it or not, so the only question is whether we get on with our lives, or desperately cling to the past.But… umm
Words are in my not-so-humble opinion, the most inexhaustible form of magic we have, capable both of inflicting injury and remedying it.
Every flight begins with a fall.
It’s just, eventually we’re all gonna move on. It’s called growing up.Suit Up
Raspberries? Good. Ladyfingers? Good. Beef? GOOD!
Things we lose have a way of coming back to us in the end, if not always in the way we expect.
Because sometimes even if you know how something’s gonna end that doesn’t mean you can’t enjoy the ride.Wait For it
After all this time? Always.
It was summer… and it was hot. Rachel was there… A lonely grey couch…”OH LOOK!” cried Ned, and then the kingdom was his forever. The End.
We’re going to get older whether we like it or not, so the only question is whether we get on with our lives, or desperately cling to the past.That’s the Dream
Summer will end soon enough, and childhood as well.
I solemnly swear I am up to no good.
Look, you can’t design your life like a building. It doesn’t work that way. You just have to live it… and it’ll design itself.But… umm
I solemnly swear I am up to no good.
